chore: update style guide (#8415)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/dev/go-style-guide.md

  <value 2>
)
```

## Common Mistakes

This is a compilation of some of the common mistakes we see in the repo that should be avoided.

---
Keep receiver names short [Details here](https://google.github.io/styleguide/go/decisions#receiver-names)

```go
// bad
func (chain *TestChain) NextBlock() {
    res, err := chain.App.FinalizeBlock(&abci.RequestFinalizeBlock{
        Height:             chain.ProposedHeader.Height,
        Time:               chain.ProposedHeader.GetTime(),
        NextValidatorsHash: chain.NextVals.Hash(),
    })
    require.NoError(chain.TB, err)
    chain.commitBlock(res)
}
```

```go
// good
func (c *TestChain) NextBlock() {
    // Ommitted
```

---
**Naked returns**

Only acceptable in a small function. Once it's a medium-sized function, be explicit with your returned values. Similarly, do not name result parameters just because it enables you to use naked returns. Clarity is always more important than saving a few lines in your function.

---

> **Struct defined outside of the package**

Reviewer: I def agree with this, but is this a common issue you've seen (it very well might be, I just can't remember seeing it)?

Must have fields specified. [Referance](https://google.github.io/styleguide/go/decisions#field-names)

```go
// Good:
r := csv.Reader{
  Comma: ',',
  Comment: '#',
  FieldsPerRecord: 4,
}
```

```go
// Bad:
r := csv.Reader{',', '#', 4, false, false, false, false}
```

---
**Cuddled braces**

[Dropping whitespace between braces](https://google.github.io/styleguide/go/decisions#cuddled-braces) for slice and array literals is only permitted when both of the following are true.
  
- The indentation matches
- The inner values are also literals or proto builders (i.e. not a variable or other expression)

```go
// Good
good := []*Type{
    first, // Can't be cuddled
    {Field: "second"},
}
```

```go
// Good:
good := []*Type{{ // Cuddled correctly
    Field: "value",
}, {
    Field: "value",
}}
```

---

> **Function and method calls should not be separated based solely on line length**

Reviewer: This is probably a bit of a controversial one for some ;)
I am personally good with either option, but happy to do this if laid out clearly in the google style guide. That said, this item should probably have a little more context and link back to the source.

There is also some inconsistency with the items as some are linked back and some are not. Would be good to have consistency in context and links

		{"client status is not active - client is expired", func() {
			clientState, ok := path.EndpointB.GetClientState().(*ibctm.ClientState)
			suite.Require().True(ok)
			clientState.FrozenHeight = clienttypes.NewHeight(0, 1)
			path.EndpointB.SetClientState(clientState)
		}, errorsmod.Wrap(clienttypes.ErrClientNotActive, "client (07-tendermint-0) status is Frozen")},
	}
```

```go
// Bad
{
	"nil underlying app", func() {
		isNilApp = true
	}, nil,
},
```

```go
// Good
{
    "nil underlying app", 
    func() {
		    isNilApp = true
    }, 
    nil,
},
```

## Good Practices

**Testing context**

Go 1.24 added a (testing.TB).Context() method. In tests, prefer using (testing.TB).Context() over context.Background() to provide the initial context.Context used by the test. Helper functions, environment or test double setup, and other functions called from the test function body that require a context should have one explicitly passed. [Referance](https://google.github.io/styleguide/go/decisions#contexts)

## Known Anti Patterns

> It's strongly recommended [not to create a custom context.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/go/decisions#custom-contexts) But the cosmos sdk has it's own context that is passed around functions. And at this point it's too much of a pain to fix that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's strongly recommended [not to create a custom context.](https://google.github.io/styleguide/go/decisions#custom-contexts). The cosmos sdk has it's own context that is passed around, and we should not try to work against that pattern to avoid confusion.
```

Or something like that.

Also, feels like there should be more anti-patterns? Maybe there aren't that many?

        Time:               chain.ProposedHeader.GetTime(),
        NextValidatorsHash: chain.NextVals.Hash(),
    })
    require.NoError(chain.TB, err)
    chain.commitBlock(res)
}
```

```go
// good
func (c *TestChain) NextBlock() {
    // Ommitted
```

---
**Naked returns**

Only acceptable in a small function. Once it's a medium-sized function, be explicit with your returned values. Similarly, do not name result parameters just because it enables you to use naked returns. Clarity is always more important than saving a few lines in your function.

---
**Function and method calls should not be separated based solely on line length**

The signature of a function or method declaration [should remain on a single line](https://google.github.io/styleguide/go/decisions#function-formatting) to avoid indentation confusion.

```go
// bad
func (im IBCMiddleware) OnRecvPacket(
    ctx sdk.Context,
    channelVersion string,
    packet channeltypes.Packet,
    relayer sdk.AccAddress,
) ibcexported.Acknowledgement {

// good
func (im IBCMiddleware) OnRecvPacket(ctx sdk.Context, channelVersion string, packet channeltypes.Packet, relayer sdk.AccAddress) ibcexported.Acknowledgement {
```

---

> **Don't Use Get in function/Method names**

Reviewer: Yeah, we do, but we agree with the style guide that we shouldn't.
At the moment, this is likely not worth changing because it would break too many APIs, but we should move towards that.
We could make a note of this in the style guide to clarify.
